---
title: "ACM Projects Spotlight: Augmented Reality App"
date: "Mar 05, 2018 1:00 PM"
categories: acm
featured: false
image: "https://i.imgur.com/kqfP8GH.jpg"
---

An interview with the Augmented Reality App team of ACM Projects.

<!--more-->

#### Meet the Team

Nathalie Meremikwu, Sthitadhi Sengupta, Erik Omogbehin, and Rassaan Alam are the members of ACM Project's Augmented Reality team. I, Onyeka Agwuegbo, am their mentor through this process. I sat down with the team last build night to ask them a few questions.


#### Why did you decide to join ACM Projects?

Nathalie: I was seeking project experience in order to bolster my resume. I figured that ACM would be the perfect avenue to do that. The ability to work on a complex application with a team is a very marketable skill.

Erik: I was getting a hamburger at The Pub and saw an ACM flyer advertising a chance to work on an Augmented Reality Project. I thought it sounded like a really fun challenge which is why I applied. 


#### What's been your biggest challenge so far?

Rassaan: Getting familiar with Unity has been the toughest part for me. Unity's UX isn't immediately intuitive so it took me a while to figure it out. But after getting the basics down, the rest was relatively easy.

Sid: FIguring out how to keep information locked after the camera recognizes an image target. It's important to keep in mind the Readability of the software. I realized I could create a c# script to keep the text in place.



#### What excites you most about your project?

Erik: Augmented Reality is super cool. Just seeing an image projected onto the real world never gets old for me. 

Nathalie: I'm always excited to learn something new. And having an entire team of people working towards a specific goal is very motivating for me. 



#### What's your favourite movie?

Erik: *Bladerunner 2049*

Nathalie: *Memento*

Rassan: *The Godfather*

Sthitadhi: *Interstellar*
