---
title: "ACM Projects Spotlight: Bitcoin App"
date: "Feb 26, 2018 2:00 PM"
categories: acm
featured: true
image: "https://i.imgur.com/XPiW9X7.jpg"
---

An interview with the Bitcoin App team of ACM Projects.

<!--more-->

#### Meet the Team

Stanley Varghese, Jared Swofford, Benjamin Hill, and Faaris Sattar are the members of the Bitcoin App team. ACM Project's own Industry Coordinator, Shannen Barrameda, is acting as their mentor. I sat down with the team this build night to ask them a few questions.


#### What were your expectations coming into ACM Projects?

Jared: I wasn't sure how rigid the structure would be or how much freedom we'd have with the project, but I'm happy with the amount of creative control our team has.

Stanley: I thought ACM Projects would be a more formal and restrictive experience. But everyone on the team quickly became friends and we have a lot more freedom than I expected. 


#### What's been your biggest challenge so far?

Benjamin: Figuring out how to impelent a javascript graphing library and formatting our data to work with the library. It was tough, but I've been learning a lot from this project. It took a lot of googling and some online web dev courses, but we figured it out. 

Faaris: I knew a bit of frontend coming into this project so my biggest challenge at first was balancing ACM Projects with my academics. But knowing I had a lot of responsibilities here naturally motivated me to get my school work done early. I can't let my team down afterall.


#### What excites you most about ACM Projects?

Jared: I'm excited to have an opportunity to work in a group and complete a project.

Benjamin: Learning how to make an app like this has been a blast. And it's been great to meet new people through ACM.


#### What's your favorite album?

Faaris: *good kid M.A.A.D City* by Kendrick Lamar

Benjamin: *My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy* by Kanye West

Jared: *Are You Experienced* by Jimi Hendrix

Stanley: *The Last Hero* by Alter Bridge

