---
title: "ACM Projects/Ignite Wrap-Up"
date: "April 29, 2019 12:00 PM"
categories: acm
featured: true
image: "/png/projects2019.JPG"
---

<span style="text-align: center; display: block;">Here's all of the projects we created in ACM Projects and ACM Ignite this semester!</span>

<!--more-->

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">Chef-It! (from ACM Projects)</h3>

<blockquote>
Winner of the 'Most Likely to Become a Startup' award, the Chef-It! team built a web app using React, which provides recipes based on ingredients that a user provides.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">Menü (from ACM Ignite)</h3>

<blockquote>
The Menü team built a mobile app using React Native, which provides a list of restaurants and menu items that a user would like based on their cuisine preferences and dietary restrictions.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">MusicMuves (from ACM Projects)</h3>

<blockquote>
The MusicMuves built an iMessage app using Swift, which allows users to send playlists to friends between Apple Music and Spotify that would otherwise be incompatible.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">PastePod (from ACM Ignite)</h3>

<blockquote>
The PastePod team built a web app, built upon the Solid ecosystem, is an alternative to PasteBin that allows users to share text snippets while maintaining ownership of their data.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">PlanIt (from ACM Projects)</h3>

<blockquote>
The PlanIt team built an Android app consisting of a collection of valuable tools for students, such as a to-do list, Pomodoro timer, and calendar.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">Skribe (from ACM Projects)</h3>

<blockquote>
Winner of the '1st Place Projects' award, built a mobile app using React Native that scans a user's handwritten notes using OCR to make them taggable and searchable for later use.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">StudyMates (from ACM Projects)</h3>

<blockquote>
The StudyMates team built a mobile app using Flutter to help students find or create study groups based on preferences like location, professor, and course section.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">TNN: The New News (from ACM Projects)</h3>

<blockquote>
The TNN team built a web app using React to educate users on the current political landscape through data visualization and summarized articles from a variety of sources to reduce bias.
</blockquote>

-----

<h3 style="text-align: center; font-weight: 300;">Wait What? (from ACM Ignite)</h3>

<blockquote>
The Wait What? team built a mobile app using Flutter to quickly inform users on trending topics and headlines.
</blockquote>